we're back to work after all was it two
weeks off I don't know about you but for
me this was the holiday that finally
answered the question which Disney
character is everyone I know and which
house would they be in at Hogwarts we
have a lot to discuss tonight including
a fresh new season of The Bachelor
Bachelor Peter is here tonight with
Tiffany Haddish our first new show of a
new decade you know most people resolved
to exercise and eat healthy you probably
did right Guillermo every year you do
that yeah and how's it going so far
no good not good right my first meal of
the new year was nachos for real I went
right into it a big plate of nachos
covered with cheese I didn't make a new
year's resolution this year my wife
however she made some new year's
resolutions for me we're sitting at the
table eating lunch yesterday and she
said this year my new year's resolution
for you is and then she went on to
mention some areas in which she would
like me to improve this year and I
didn't I didn't say anything but is that
allowed can you make a resolution for
someone else I don't think so I think
it's like a self only fate
it's like flossing you don't floss with
other people you can you just don't I
mean if someone else makes it I don't
think it technically even counts as a
resolution I think that's an
intervention there are no joint
resolutions for New Year's they have to
be made by the person who is subject to
them right bottom line is I'm a lazy
monster who is incapable of change and
the sooner my wife accepts that the
easier both of our lives is going to be
speaking of speaking of front couples
the president rang in the New Year at
mar-a-lago his estate in Palm Beach
where he and First Lady Melania were
asked about their resolutions for 2020
[Music]
no you can you can say it out loud it's
not beetlejuice it's not your birthday
wish it's a resolution tell anyone you
like I love also that milania's
resolution is peace on the world which
first of all that's not a resolution
it's a wish and it's a wish that it
seems her husband doesn't share we cut
taxes down the lowest in history biggest
tax cut ever we're doing great our
country is really to talk of the world
well he's right on that last thing we
are the talk of the world we might even
end the world
Gavin been following the news over the
break for president a guy who Sharpie to
hurricane authorized the military strike
that killed the number two most powerful
man in Iran and now we have a big mess
we have some very angry people hundreds
of thousands of Iranians showed up for
the funeral service of this general they
burned American flags at burned Israeli
flags they shouted death to America they
publicly vowed revenge and our president
continues to escalate the situation he
tweeted a threat that he would attack
Iran with our best weapons if they were
tally
even threatened to release the movie
cats over there if he has to the scary
stuff and he didn't give Congress a
heads-up before he did it as presidents
will typically do Democratic members of
Congress were not briefed on the attack
although he did reportedly brag about it
to some guests at mar-a-lago over New
Year's he told him to expect something
big in Iran very soon he didn't consult
with Congress he did run it by the
people in line at the chocolate fondue
station at his Country Club but this
kind of tells you all you need to know
that according to the failing New York
Times officials presented the president
with an initial list of options the
Pentagon also tacked on the choice
targeting general Soleimani the general
he targeted mainly to make other options
seem reasonable so this was like a decoy
now when mr. Trump chose the option of
killing general Soleimani top military
officials flabbergasted were immediately
alarmed they were flabbergasted were
three years into this administration you
didn't know he was gonna pick the
craziest choice that's what he does
you don't want him to make a crazy
choice don't give them crazy things to
choose from
the only choice Donald Trump should be
allowed to make is Popeyes or KFC that's
it so this is good so you know some
people believe that this seemingly out
of nowhere act of aggression was
designed to distract us from the
impeachment and to boost Trump's chances
of getting reelected if you're wondering
who would come up with an idea like that
we'll look no further than this video
from 2011 our president will start a war
with Iran because he has absolutely no
ability to negotiate he's weak and he's
ineffective so the only way he figures
that he's going to get reelected and as
sure as you sitting there is to start a
war with Iran it's like he went back in
time to make an attack ad against
himself anyway happy New Year everybody
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all of my ma goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you